Update to new CLI syntax (#152)
carpentries-incubator/docker-introduction: _episodes/02-meet-docker.md

CONTAINER ID        IMAGE               COMMAND             CREATED             STATUS              PORTS               NAMES
~~~
{: .output}

> (The command `docker system info` will achieve a similar end but produces a larger amount of output.)

Reviewer: I misread this initially and interpreted the text "_The command `docker system info` will achieve a similar end..._" to meant that it would do the same as `docker container ls` which is of course not the case. I wonder if a slight rewording here could be useful, e.g.:

```suggestion
(The command `docker system info` could also be used to verify that Docker is correctly installed and operational but it produces a larger amount of output.)
```

we can always search the web, getting the built-in help from our tool is often much faster and may provide the answer
right away. This applies not only to Docker, but also to most command line-based tools.

> ## Docker Command Line Interface (CLI) syntax
>
> In this course we use the newest Docker CLI syntax
> [introduced with the Docker Engine version 1.13](https://www.docker.com/blog/whats-new-in-docker-1-13/).
> This new syntax combines commands into groups you will most often 
> want to interact with. In the help example above you can see `image` and `container`
> management commands, which can be used to interact with your images and 
> containers respectively. With this new syntax you issue commands using the following
> pattern `docker [command] [subcommand] [additional options]`
> 
> Comparing the output of two help commands above, you can
> see that the same thing can be achieved in multiple ways. For example to start a

> > Docker container using old syntax you would use `docker run`. To achieve the

Reviewer: Suggest adding "the":
```suggestion
> Docker container using the old syntax you would use `docker run`. To achieve the
```
